<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="glossary_reference">
    <title>Monday.com Glossary</title>
    <shortdesc>These are some terms you may need to know to operate Monday.com</shortdesc>
    <refbody> <table>
        <tgroup cols="1">
            <tbody>
                <row>
                    <entry><b>Board - </b>A board is where you can manage things within Monday.com. These things could be a group project, a task board, a roadmap, sales pipeline, or a budget</entry>
                </row> 
                <row>
                    <entry><b> Main Board - </b> Board that is visable to anyone who is a teammember
                            on the account. Anything created on this board will be accessible to
                            your team.</entry>
                </row> 
                <row>
                    <entry><b>Shared Board- </b>Board that is viewable to people outside of your
                            team. You can adjust settings to allow the board to be viewed only and
                            not edited. </entry>
                </row> 
                <row>
                    <entry><b>Private Board - </b>A board that is only accesiable to those who are
                            invited to edit or view the board. </entry>
                </row> 
                <row>
                    <entry><b>Board Owner- </b> The person who created the board or a subscriber
                            that has been granted admin privlages.</entry>
                </row>
                <row>
                    <entry><b>Automations - </b> Increase producivity by automatically completing
                            actions within Monday.com. </entry>
                </row>
                <row>
                    <entry><b>Integrations- </b> Connecting Monday.com to outside software for
                            increased productivity and better communication. </entry>
                </row>
                <row>
                    <entry><b>Three dots Menu-.</b> Main menu located in the top right corner of the
                            board page. </entry>
                </row>
            </tbody>
        </tgroup>
    </table></refbody>
</reference>
