<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_nkh_rrr_xjb">
    <title>Introduction</title>
    <body>
        <p>Monday.com is a team management web and mobile application. Monday aims to enhance
            collaboration by managing tasks and by tracking projects and deadlines. Monday is made
            to accomodate a wide range of business operations, including R&amp;D, marketing, sales,
            product and customer-management.</p>
        
        <p>Monday allows users to connect with other apps.
            Connecting with other apps can notify communication channels when changes have been made to a task.
            Monday allows you to connect with Gmail, iCalander, Slack, Drive, Dropbox, MailChimp, Jira and many others.
            Integrations are a great way to make sure everyone is on the same page and up to date with tasks and projects. 
        </p>
        
        <p>Monday allows users to create automations.
            Automations within Monday allow tasks that would normally have to be performed by you, to be performed by Monday.com automatically within the program.
            Using atuomations is a very common task that you will find beneficial and it cuts out a lot of unnecessary work for you.
            For example, automations can allow an update to occur based on a status update or they can assign a person as the creator of an item when it is created.
            This prevents a lot of back-work that team leaders and project managers would otherwise have to perform.
        </p>
        
        
        <p>Visit monday.com below in the related information secction.</p>
        <p>Also provided is a glossary of terms you may need to operate Monday.com</p>
    </body>
    <related-links>
        <link href="../reference_topics/glossary-reference.dita"/>
        <link href="http://www.monday.com" format="html" scope="external"/>
       
    </related-links>
</topic>
